how to enter repl environment
write node and press enter

each module in node.js has its own context, so it cannot interface 

types 
    core modules:
        module developed by node.js itself.
        we need to import bare minimum fuctionalities.
        we need to import the core module
        the core module are compiled into its binary distribution and load automatically when node.js process starts.

        eg. http: to create http server in node.js
            os: provide information about operating system
            path: to handle file path
            url: to parse the url string
            fs: to handle file system in computer
            querystring: to handle url query string
            util: to access utility function

        import syntax: const path = require('path')
path module: it is use for file related to path operation
            in node by default we have two objects
            __dirname : it will return directory
            __filename : it will return current filename with dir path.



    local modules module created by developer
    third party modules: module developed by third party
                        first we need to install it then import it.


local modules:

npm:
 node package manager(npm) is a command line tool that install,updates or unistalls Node.js package in your application
 it is also
    

    blocking and non blocking
    blocking is when the execution of additional javascript in the node

    callback
    a callback is a function called at the completion of a given task; this prevents any blocking, 
    and allows other code to be run in the meantime.
    the general idea is that the callback is the last parameter. the callback gets called after the function is d;one  
    with all of its operations. Traditionally the first parameter of the callback with the error value. if the function hits an 
    error, then they typically call the callback with the first parameter being an error object. if it cleanly exists, 
    then they will call the callback with the first parameter being null and the rest being the return value(s).

    Event: every action on computer is an evrnt.
    all event properties and methods are an instsnce of an event emmiter object. to be able to access these properties and methos create an enentemmiter object.

    var events = require('events")
    var em=new events.eventEmitter()
    emit is used to trigger the event
    on is used to add a callback function thats going to be executed when the event is triggered

    .env = it is used to keep secret file
    npm i dot-env